The Peeper
Retail Price $2,500

Our most popular product, this robot is used by police officers, bomb squads,  
military personnel, and vigilante flight attendants around the world. The Peeper 
uses newly patented scent recognition technology to "sniff" out the location of 
dangerous bombs. It recognizes the smell of common ingredients such as dynamite, 
fertilizer and lethal travel shampoo, allowing users to pinpoint the exact location
while keeping its operators out of harms way.

The Transporter
Retail Price $5,000

Once The Peeper has done its job, it's time for The Transporter to move in. After
receiving the exact location of the bomb, this powerful robot moves in to remove
the threat. It's moveable arm features high-end suction cup technology which allows
it to carefully pick up the bomb. The bomb is then stored inside of the zero gravity
chamber and transported to the middle of Area 51 in Nevada, where it is safely 
detonated far away from the population. 

The Obliterator
Retail Price $10,000

Our most powerful robot, The Obliterator can locate and destroy anything from a 
cherry bomb to a nuclear warhead. Using the same sniffing technology as The Peeper,  
The Obliterator pinpoints the exact location of the threatening bomb. Once located,
a giant fire-proof dome is created over the robot and the bomb. The bomb is then 
detonated by igniting a stick of dynamite next to it. The resulting explosion is 
completely contained within the dome, ensuring everyone's safety and minimizing 
property damage.
 
PhotoBomb Destroyer
Retail Price $500

This cutting edge technology is a product that nobody should be without. Imagine
this: You and your friends all go out for drinks and take a selfie. Only when you 
get home, you realize that the guy sitting behind you photo-bombed you after one 
too many Jaegar shots. The PhotoBomb Destroyer is your solution. Using the same 
facial recognition software and identity database as the FBI, this robot can identify 
the perpetrator and track him down. PhotoBomb Destroyer then uses lasers to 
completely eliminate any trace of the offending bomber.
